feat(syslogng-loki-output): add auth field (#1499)
kube-logging/logging-operator: docs/configuration/plugins/syslogng-outputs/auth.md

---
title: Authentication config for syslog-ng outputs
weight: 200
generated_file: true
---

# Authentication config for syslog-ng outputs
## Overview
 More info at TODO

## Configuration
## Auth

### alts (*ALTS, optional) {#auth-alts}

Application Layer Transport Security (ALTS) is a simple to use authentication, only available within Google’s infrastructure. 

Default: -

### adc (*ADC, optional) {#auth-adc}

Application Default Credentials (ADC). 

Default: -

### insecure (*Insecure, optional) {#auth-insecure}

This is the default method, authentication is disabled (auth(insecure())). 

Default: -

### tls (*TLS, optional) {#auth-tls}

> This option sets various options related to TLS encryption, for example, key/certificate files and trusted CA locations. TLS can be used only with tcp-based transport protocols. For details, see [TLS for syslog-ng outputs](../tls/) and the [syslog-ng documentation](https://www.syslog-ng.com/technical-documents/doc/syslog-ng-open-source-edition/3.37/administration-guide/73#TOPIC-1829193). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option sets various options related to TLS encryption, for example, key/certificate files and trusted CA locations. TLS can be used only with tcp-based transport protocols. For details, see [TLS for syslog-ng outputs](../tls/) and the [axosyslog documentation](https://axoflow.com/docs/axosyslog-core/chapter-encrypted-transport-tls/tlsoptions/). 
```

Reviewer 2: This should have been fixed, but got reverted in https://github.com/kube-logging/logging-operator/pull/1499/commits/918515689e65fca5ea4be7375d88a1de650a82bd.

Reviewer 2: Fixed in the latest iteration, resolving.
